Miss, are you all right?
The second lady tied her head here last night
Don't let me follow you?
Don't worry, I'm fine.
This maid is a center
It is rare for someone in the rivers and lakes to worry about the distance
Miss, why is the scar on your face serious again?
Such a serious scar
No wonder your butler called me ugly
In this scar is a poison born I can go
Miss, the prince is coming to Jianghu
If he sees that the scar on your face is getting worse again
What should I do if I want to get married again?
It's not his turn to say that the emperor granted marriage
Besides, Miss, I don't want to marry any prince at all
But the prince prefers the second lady
If he uses this as an excuse to marry the prince as well
But what if you are sincere?
Miss, you still laugh
It's all burning eyebrows, don't worry
You'll know when you meet Jiang Yunrou
He's missing two front teeth.
Got my medicine again
No wonder the prince likes it
Don't worry, I have my own way.
I'm hungry, go get me something to eat
As long as 3 days of poison scars will be fine
matchmaker
Jiang Wanle, are you and Butler Liu unclear?
Corrupted the house and beat Rouer
Today I am a mother
I'm going to teach you a good lesson